Am I looking weak to you?
"Hey, Garrett,
how was your day?"
That's how normal people
start a conversation.
When I was management, I had power.
Why did I give that up?
We were number one in shrink reduction
and last in employee satisfaction.
I did that.
Now the world just
seems dull or something.
- [yelling in pain]
- Guys?
Okay. Time to go to the hospital?
I don't think I'm gonna
make it to the hospital.
I think I'm having this baby here.
Okay. We need towels.
Someone run to the store
and buy some towels!
No, wait! We're a store!
- Get some towels!
- On it.
You're not gonna have
the baby in the store.
You have plenty of time, Chey.
And it could be false labor.
You know? That's called a
Braxton Hicks contraction.
This baby is not gonna
be born in Cloud 9.
Maybe it's Braxton Hicks.
Okay, we get it. You know
the term Braxton Hicks.
We're all very impressed.
No, I'm having this baby here.
[screams]
Okay, this is it!
This is happening!
I feel nothing.
Attention, shoppers.
Is there a doctor in the...
Who am I kidding? This is Cloud 9.
Anybody here watched a
lot of "Grey's Anatomy?"
Maybe "Nurse Jackie"?
Not "The Knick."
Towels. Towels. Towels.
Oh.
Move! Pharmacist coming through.
Step aside. I need room.
All right, Cheyenne.
I need you to listen to me here,
and we will get through this.
Now, in the last 24 hours,
have you taken any medication
I need to know about.
Just some Tums.
Calcium carbonate. That's fine.
It's not gonna harm the baby.
All right.
Okay, yeah. That's it?
Well, yeah.
I'm a pharmacist.
I don't know how to deliver a baby.
Gross.
But, um, good luck.
[applause]
My training kicked in.
You're welcome, everyone.
[moaning in pain]
Okay, that's good.
If the contractions are
longer, that means you're in...
it's called active labor, so
I guess you're in active labor.
I'm gonna go get some stuff.
Okay, look. I took
part in a cow birth once.
The calf died, but I
learned what not to do.
No, no, no, no.
[yelling in pain]
Ah, no. Yes.
Will we need cotton balls?
I'll get cotton balls.
No, no.
Ooh, yes.
Cheyenne, I want you to wait until
you have an uncontrollable
urge to push, okay?
And then, you're gonna bear
down with all your strength
for ten seconds at a time, okay?
I can't believe you
know how to handle this.
Well, I played the abortion
doctor in a Hell house once.
- Oh, cool.
- If it helps,
I'm a trained midwife.
[yelling in pain]
- Garrett, you're filming this?
- Yeah, for Bo.
- I figured he'd want to see it.
- All right.
Can everyone else back up?
This is a private moment.
[yelling in pain]
You're doing great.
- I'm right here.
- Excuse me, miss.
What's the difference between
a sunblock and a sunscreen?
This is it! The baby's coming!
[yelling in pain]
All right. That's nice.
I like that. I like that.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, this is it, guys.
It's coming. This is the moment.
Oh, um...
The contractions stopped.
- Oh.
- That's, um... huh.
Braxton Hicks, I guess.
It's false labor.
I guess it should put on my pants now.
[upbeat music]
♪
The company's targeted maneuvers
are also a direct
reflection of its mission.
It reads, "Cloud 9's mission
statement is a lower price point"
"creates a..." Okay, I'm sorry.
Cheyenne? You okay?
[gasps] I'm fine.
[gasps] I just... [gasps]
The baby's compressing
my lungs... [gasps]
And making it really hard for
me to just take a full breath.
[breathes loudly]
- But I'm okay.
- No, you're not okay.
You almost gave birth to your child
in the store yesterday.
Yeah, dude, I wish I had an excuse
this good to ditch work.
I can't go home.
I need the hours, you know?
For this little girl.
[gasps] Oh!
- Did it kick?
- No, I just...
I touch myself here and it
makes me pee a little bit.
- Oh.
- This is ridiculous.
She shouldn't have to kill
herself just to have a baby.
Did you guys know that in
every other first-world nation,
paid maternity leave is just automatic?
Whoa, no, no, you are not
gonna forward us another article.
Oh! Oh, that was a big one.
These meetings are worse from up here.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Each of us would officially
take a sick day,
but we'd still come in,
and we'd clock in as Cheyenne,
so that she can take the
day off, but still get paid.
Right.
And she can just pay us back later?
Cloud 9 made over a
billion dollars last year.
Why don't we just ask them
to pay for maternity leave?
Oh, you want to just
call corporate and ask them?
That sounds easy.
It's worth a shot, isn't it?
I mean, what's the worst
they can do, say no?
[phone line trilling]
Employee services.
Hi, this is Amy Dubanowski
from Store 1217.
We have an employee here
who's about to have a baby,
and I was wondering if
maybe we could get her
some paid maternity leave.
I'm sorry, we don't offer
paid maternity leave.
Don't just give up.
Well, some of us
were wondering if you
could change that policy,
because we  really want it.
Um, that's just not something we offer.
Okay, but is it, like, a conversation
you guys are having?
Because I know other big
companies do offer it.
Typically, their employees
would be in unions.
Transferring now. Please hold.
What are you doing?
Why would you say that?
- Say what?
- Hi there, Amy.
This is Jeremy, vice president
of employee relations.
Hi. I don't know exactly...
Do me a solid and hang
tight for one second, Aim.
- What's happening?
- I don't know.
Please hold for Greg.
Who's Greg? Why are we getting Greg?
- Go for Greg.
- Hey, it's Jeremy.
I've got Rebecca from legal
and Amy from Store 1217,
where we've got that union problem.
- Oh, no! No.
- No.
We were talking about maternity leave
and somebody very annoying
mentioned the word "union."
Whoa, let's just all calm
down, take a breath,
step back from the ledge.
No, no, no, no.
No, there's no ledge.
- Nobody's talking about unions.
- No way.
And nobody's going on strike.
Please hold.
[soft jazz music]
Yeah, hi. Okay, you've got Howard,
Sue, Cheryl, Keith, Guillermo...
- That's so many people.
- Renee, and Alan here.
All: Hello.
- Hi.
Okay, hang tight down there, 1217.
We're sending someone down to you
first thing tomorrow morning.
- No.
- Good stuff?
No, no, no, no, wait, wait.
You don't have to do that.
- All: Bye.
- Amazing talk.
[click]
Wow.
How did I not know your
last name is Dubanowski?
Morning, everyone. Grab some coffee.
Help yourself to a doughnut hole.
You see what's going on here, right?
Corporate smells trouble,
so they send in a shark.
A big, swinging wiener.
Have him swing his
wiener around a little.
Give us a slap on the wrist.
A little rap on the knuckles
from a big, swinging wiener.
This is gonna be a long day.
Yeah.
Hello, 1217.
My name is Steve.
Does anyone here know who I am?
- I know. A union buster.
- Good one.
I'm gonna remember that one. Funny.
No, I am a labor relations consultant.
Cloud 9 isn't anti-union.
Unions are great for people
whose companies don't listen to them.
But whatever your concerns are,
you can always bring them
right to corporate any time.
Oh, great. Some of us
did have some concerns
that I wanted to ask you about.
And I want to hear about them.
But first, we're gonna
have some fun. Yeah?
Has everyone gotten some
coffee and a doughnut hole?
Now we're going to do a
little role-playing exercise,
and I've roped in your manager,
Glenn, here to help me out.
Um, okay. Thank you.
You're gonna play a union organizer,
and you're gonna try to get
me to sign this union card.
- Okay?
- Sure.
- All right.
- Hi, hello.
My name's Steve, and the union... Okay.
You know what? You're doing great.
But my name is Steve,
so that might be a little
confusing for everyone.
So maybe pick another name.
Okay, sure. Sorry.
I'm just a little nervous.
You're doing great.
All right. Um, hi.
My name's... Steve.
All right.
I'm gonna be the Steve
in this scene, right?
- So...
- All right, all right.
You're Steve.
Okay.
- Sorry, misunderstanding.
- You're doing great.
- Okay.
- All right.
Hello there, Steve.
My name's...
Steve.
Literally, you know what?
Any other name in the entire universe?
Steve.
Okay, you know what?
Let's give Glenn a round of applause.
You did great.
No worries. All right.
Maybe a different volunteer.
How about you with the purple polo?
Thank you for that, Dina.
Dina's gonna be our union organizer,
and she's gonna try to get
me to sign this union card.
Let's see if Dina is
up for the challenge.
Okay. Hey, how'd you
like to join a union?
No, thanks. I don't need to.
Cloud 9 already listens to my concerns.
I really think it'd
be in your best interests
to sign this card.
Please don't bully me.
I do not need to pay
someone to speak for me.
See? I shut her down.
Those are two examples.
Stop interrupting me.
You will sign this card or I
will choke the life out of you.
Whoa. Wow.
And the Oscar goes to Dina. Right?
See, she was playing a
character there that was...
Oh, I'm not playing a character.
This is me, Dina, talking
to you, union buster Steve.
I'm in a dark place right now,
and quite frankly, I
have nothing left to lose.
So you will sign this [bleep] card,
or I will be waiting for
you in the parking lot
at the end of the night,
where I will wrap my hands
around that tiny chicken neck of yours
and stare deep into your eyes
while I watch the lights go out.
Let's take a break.
[coffee pot sputters]
You want some of mine?
- Hey.
- Hey, man.
Just want to let you know,
I know names besides Steve.
Of course you do.
There's Glenn, and there's, um...
[mouthing]
Steve.
Thanks for your time.
Now you have the facts.
How you choose to use them is up to you.
- Thank you.
- Oh, thank you, God.
I know, right?
Excuse me, sorry.
Sorry, guys, but you had
said earlier that maybe we
could voice some concerns
at the end of the meeting?
Thank you, Jonah.
- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Absolutely.
Cloud 9 has an open door policy. Great.
So a couple of us were
talking about the possibility
of paid maternity
leave for the employees?
You know, Cloud 9 is devoted
to supporting the welfare
and values of all of its workers.
Okay? Thanks.
Could you be a little more specific?
- I love this.
- Great.
We love this kind of
passion and integrity
that adds to all the
colors of the cloud.
Great, but you're not
actually saying anything.
That's because I'm truly listening.
You know what I just realized?
We have enough doughnut
holes for all of you
to have one more each!
Right? Dig in, everyone.
Guys, they've been there for hours.
That meeting was such a joke.
They're not going to do
anything for Cheyenne.
They don't care.
You're just realizing that now.
This company, that wouldn't
even spring for full doughnuts,
just doughnut holes?
It's not just about Cheyenne.
It's about all of us.
We're the people that
make this company run.
They need to start treating us better.
Like Mateo... what was it you
were complaining about yesterday?
- Oh.
- Remember?
Yeah.
- Why are our customers so ugly?
- Mm, yeah.
No, how they keep us under 40 hours
so they don't have to give us benefits?
Oh, right, yeah. That sucks too.
I haven't had a raise in five years.
- There you go.
- I mean, not to complain.
Sorry, I'm babbling.
- Sorry.
- No, no.
We should be speaking up about this.
It's like we don't have any leverage.
You know, maybe we should form a union.
Okay, calm down.
Dude, you can't get everybody
here to agree to join a union.
We couldn't even agree on a
theme for our summer barbecue.
Ended up being "1980s Arabian Nights
Under The Sea Harry Potter."
So you just want everything
to stay exactly the same?
That's ridiculous!
What if Rosa Parks...
- Whoa.
- Got it.
Amped up, sorry.
Look at him. Mister big pants.
Just waiting for us to slip up
so he can bring the hammer down.
I think he's just having a coffee.
Oh, come on.
Mister big pants.
Just swinging that
big old wiener around.
And we're back to wiener.
Here.
I was told to hand you these to read,
'cause that's my job now.
I drop off pieces of paper.
Look at that.
Nailed it.
- Hey, you want to read one?
- Me?
I mean, it's not exactly
like being the boss,
but it has sort of a voice
of God quality about it.
Everyone has to listen to you.
Attention, Cloud 9 shoppers.
We are offering a 10% discount
on all wrapping paper and gift bags.
Come check out this heavenly deal.
- Oh.
- Feels powerful, right?
No, I just never realized my voice
had just such a weak, tinny quality.
No, you've got a nice voice.
No, you've succeeded in humiliating me.
[mocking] "You've succeeded
in humiliating me."
That's me. That's what I sound like.
You don't sound anything like...
Stop making me talk.
This is a nightmare.
- "Intent to unionize."
- Yep.
"International Brotherhood
of Sanitation Workers."
I printed it off the web.
I'm gonna cross that
out and write "Cloud 9."
I'm sorry, were you
not at that extremely long
and early meeting this morning?
Yeah, I was, and all it did was confirm
that nothing is gonna change
around here unless we change it.
If you want to help Cheyenne,
this is the way to do it.
No, this is stupid.
It's worth a shot.
No. That's what you said
about calling corporate
in the first place.
- Not everything is worth a shot.
- I'm sorry.
I'm not the kind of person who
just stands by doing nothing
while people around me need help.
Oh. Okay. Yeah, I get it.
You have an image of your head
of leading all the workers out
in some dramatic walkout,
and you're gonna bring down the man.
But let me tell you something.
Real people's jobs are at stake.
I am so sick and tired
of being painted as the stupid idealist
while you get to be the
smart, pragmatic one.
I'm not saying you're stupid.
I'm saying you don't know
how the real world works.
There's a difference between
not knowing how the real world
works and not having the
guts to do something about it.
- Oh, okay.
- Is she having her baby?
[cries out]
- Yeah, I think so.
- We should...
Yeah.
Oh, Cheyenne, she's awesome.
Harmonica.
Oh, could you not baptize my baby?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Force of habit.
Glenn, if it's okay,
I might just be, like, ten
minutes late tomorrow.
Cheyenne, you are not
coming to work tomorrow.
I need the money,
and they said I would mostly
be done bleeding by then.
But you should be
with the baby, though.
It's okay. My mom can watch her.
I'm gonna leave her
with some of my clothes,
so she can start to learn my smell.
Cheyenne, this is unacceptable.
You've distracted us from our work.
You've left your insides
all over the floor,
and now you've brought
your child to work.
- Glenn, what are you...
- No, no, no.
I mean it.
You're suspended.
For four weeks.
With pay.
- But I...
- But?
You want to make it six weeks?
Okay, fine. Bam. Six weeks.
Paid suspension.
You want to keep going, Missy?
No, I'm good.
Good.
I'm ready to go now.
- [mouths] Thank you.
- Bye, Harmonica.
All: Bye.
Congratulations.
- [knock on door]
- Yeah.
Hey, Glenn.
I just wanted to say that what
you did back there was awesome.
Thank you.
Don't worry. You won't
even notice Cheyenne is gone.
I'm not worried.
It's not my problem anymore.
What are you... what
are you talking about?
Yeah, they let me go.
- What?
- Yeah.
They can't just fire you.
You've given your whole
life to this place.
Don't worry, I'll still
be in the store all the time.
Just as a customer.
I'll say stuff like,
"Hey, can you tell me
where the dental floss is?"
Well, probably not, 'cause
I already know where it is.
Unless you decide to move it.
What? What are you talking about?
They asked me if I wanted to make
a suggestion for my replacement,
and nobody knows this
store better than you.
Um, no. I'm not doing it.
Then they'll just get someone else.
I don't care, Glenn.
I'm not taking your job.
Amy, wait!
Someone is going to be
in that chair tomorrow.
And that person has to take
care of everyone in this store.
I'd rather that person
be you than some stranger.
Amy, you're a leader,
and the people here need a leader.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
I can do it.
- Jonah.
- Ah, ah, ah.
You think I'm doing it wrong,
but if we stack them five wide and low,
they're less prone to toppling.
- What's wrong?
- They fired Glenn.
- What?
- Yeah, so, um...
About that walkout.
Mateo.
Glenn got fired. We're walking out.
Are you coming?
Yeah.
[upbeat music]
Sorry, was doing a teal and green story.
Garrett, all the employees
are leaving early because
they're staging a walkout
because Glenn got fired.
Sure, man, that works.
♪ Out here in the fields ♪
♪ I farm for my meals ♪
♪ I get my back into my living ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I don't need to fight ♪
♪ To prove I'm right ♪
♪ I don't need to be forgiven ♪
You still have my credit card.
Hello?
♪
♪ Sally, take my hand ♪
♪ We'll travel south cross land ♪
Oh, no, no. You guys
do not have to do this.
Okay, you know what? I understand
that you're upset about Glenn.
I know and I get that. No, no.
Come on. Corporate cares.
Sure, Glenn.
Help yourself to a brand-new
car, just this once.
Job's going great.
What could possibly go wrong?
♪ ♪
Is this gonna work?
I don't know.
But it's worth a shot, right?
So what now?
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Attention, please.
Listen up.
I have something I'd like to say.
I know you're scared.
This is a big moment.
But rest assured
Cloud 9 will be fine without you.
Come on.
Anyway, I've demagnetized
your keycards,
and you will receive your
final paychecks in the mail
with the costs of your vests
deducted from them.
Nothing personal. I wish you all luck,
but I've got a store to manage.
Thank you.
This really cheered me up.
♪ ♪
Oh, and have a heavenly day.
- synced and corrected by hawken45 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org